Thanks for downloading! 
We hope to see you back on chordify.net soon. Happy Chordifying!

About Chordify

The files in this ZIP were downloaded from Chordify.net. Chordify automatically 
recognises chords from the audio signal, and aligns them to the music in a 
simple and intuitive player. Chordify is a cutting edge service that helps both 
novice and trained musicians to play the music they want to play, making 
state-of-the-art music technology available to the public at large.


Copyright

This website and its content is copyright of Â© Chordify 2013. All rights 
reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in 
any form is prohibited other than the following: you may print or download to a 
local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only. You may 
copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only 
if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material. You may not, 
except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit 
the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other 
form of electronic retrieval system.


Content retraction

Chordify does not host audio or video content of any kind. Audio files uploaded 
by a user are owned by the user, and are presented only to that user. All chord 
transcriptions displayed by Chordify are created automatically by the HarmTrace 
program, and no third-party chord transcriptions are displayed or used in any 
other way by Chordify. Copyright owners who do not want the chords of their
works to be displayed by Chordify can request the retraction of individual 
songs from the Chordify website by emailing retract@chordify.net.


The Chordify Team chordify.net

Follow us on: twitter.com/chordify 
Like us at: facebook.com/chordify
